
# Day 001

## Time Spent
2 hours

## What I Learned

*Everything in software architecture is a trade-off.

*Why is more important than how

There are four main aspects of thinking
    
like an architect. First, it’s understanding the difference between architecture and
           
design and knowing how to collaborate with development teams to make architecture
            
work. Second, it’s about having a wide breadth of technical knowledge while still
            
maintaining a certain level of technical depth, allowing the architect to see solutions
           
and possibilities that others do not see. Third, it’s about understanding, analyzing
         
and reconciling trade-offs between various solutions and technologies. Finally, it’s
           
about understanding the importance of business drivers and how they translate to
 
architectural concerns


## Questions
We will be implementing a new customer onboarding system.

## Difficulties
I  need more time.


## Architect Thought of the Day
First 10 questions came to mind:
1) What steps are included in your onboarding system?
2) What is your average number of customers integrated into the system daily?
3) What information do you collect from the customer?
4) What actions are taken with the information collected from the customer?
5) What protocols do you want to control during the onboarding process?
6) How is the management maintained in case of an error during the process?
7) If an error occurs in one of the onboarding steps, should the next step be proceeded with?
8) Is there a specific action you absolutely must take?
9) What system do you use for security checks?
10) How much time do you allocate for this process?